| Key          | Value                                                            |
|--------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date :       | 22/01/2025                                                       |
| Time :       | 15:45                                                            |
| Location :   | Drebbelweg                                                       |
| Chair :      | Cristian Calin                                                   |
| Minute Taker | Alexandra Gâlmeanu                                               |
| Attendees :  | Felicia Ang, Benny Huang, Noah Verzaal, Denis Bespalov           |

# Agenda Items

## General Opening (20 min)

**Opening by the Chair:**
The chair will open the meeting and set the context. *(2 minute)*

**BuddyCheck guide by TA**
TA will give tips on passing the BuddyCheck task. *(10 minutes)*

**TA Announcements:**
The TA will make any other necessary announcements. *(3 minutes)*

**Presentation of the Current App to the TA:**
A brief demonstration of the current state of the app, with a focus on updates made since the last meeting. App presentation will be made by the chair. *(5 minutes)*

## Main Talking Points (20 min)

### Current Week’s Work *(10 minutes)*
Discussion points:
- Our individual tasks assigned for this week.
- Progress on assigned tasks.
- Any issues and redistribution of tasks if needed (so that everyone meets the knockout criteria).

### Future Reflections *(10 minutes)*
- Discuss what features to implement / tasks to complete in this final week.
- Discuss how close the team is to completing all the requirements of the project.

## General Closure (5 min)

**Questions & Comments:**
The team will address any remaining questions to the TA. *(4 minutes)*

**Closure:**
The chair will formally close the meeting. *(1 minute)*

# Meeting Notes

### Notes for the Upcoming Buddycheck
- TOPs: Skills a person has (not inherited qualities eg. smart), give concrete example (MR22 or similar)
- TIPs: Constructive feedback, following the AID model:
    - **Action**: Describe a situation, explain it as you observed it ("I saw you were late to X meetings")
    - **Impact**: What was the impact of the action? (focus on yourself eg. "It made me feel some way")
	- **Desire**: How you wish they can improve ("You could wake up 30 minutes earlier, for example")
- All should have *at least* 2 sentences ideally
- There is a repair opportunity if failed

### Announcements
- Code deadline is on Sunday, Jan 26th
- Buddycheck deadline is Jan 31st

### App Presentation by Chair
- tags filtering
- undo/redo button
- flags in language select
- syntax check button
- more popups
- collections can change title & autogenerated id
- autosave every 3s

### Current Progress
- Denis: tests, more popups
- Noah: bugs, tests, client running without server
- Benny: worked on embedded files, image settings
- Cristian: flag icons for language setting, fixed some collection issues
- Felicia: undo/redo buttons
- Alex: tags, note filtering now works with tags, searchbar & collection input

### Tasks for this Week
- Bugfixes and final code polishing

### Questions
1. **Q**: Do TAs check for edge cases?
**A**: TAs ignore edge cases/exceptions when thrown as long as application works and does what it is supposed to do.
2. **Q**: Is the README shortcuts explanation enough?
**A**: Yes.
3. **Q**: Will TAs go through code or just check the app?
**A**: They will check the code as well, we should delete obsolete code, split up big classes (1000+ LOC) and change static methods.