| Key          | Value                                                    |
|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| Date :       | 4-12-2024                                                |
| Time :       | 15:45                                                    |
| Location :   | Drebbelweg                                               |
| Chair :      | Noah Verzaal                                             |
| Minute Taker | Alexandra Gâlmeanu                                       |
| Attendees :  | Denis Bespalov, Felicia Ang, Cristian Calin, Benny Huang |

# Agenda Items

## General Opening (16 min)
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- What you already did (5 min)


- Announcements by the TA (3 min)
- Presentation of the current app to TA (2 min)


- Redistribution of tasks if necessary (5 min)

## Main Talking Points (20 min)
- Reflect on last week (12 min)
  - Did everyone find the tasks of appropriate size? (3 min)
  - Were the tasks too hard or too easy? (3 min)
  - How was the distribution of the tasks? Was it evenly spread? (3 min)
  - Does everyone still agree on our merge and review deadlines? (3 min)


- What can we improve this week? (3 min)


- How will we approach code review? (5 min)
  - When should merge requests be approved?
    - Should suggestions be implemented immediately before merging or in a different merge request later?

## General Closure (9 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (5 min)
- Discuss what should be done before the next meeting (3 min)
- Closure (1 min)

# Meeting Notes
1. TA Announcements
2. Review of tasks
3. Changes to deadline agreements
4. Final announcements
5. Notes for the next meeting

### 1. TA Announcements
- Keep the **knockout criteria** in mind (min. 100 LOC/week)
- **Buddycheck** (deadine Dec 6th, but repairable) needs to follow the AID model

### 2. Review of Tasks
Tasks of previous week:
| Assignee            | Task(s)                                                                         |
|---------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Noah Verzaal        | Basic UI & Client controllers, basic UI functionalities (saves locally for now) |
| Alexandra Gâlmeanu  | Edit Collections window (hardcoded for now)                                     |
| Felicia Ang         | Markdown, CSS & tests                                                           |
| Denis Bespalov      | Server controllers & services, repositories, connecting server to client        |
| Benny Huang         | Tests for collections, internalization research                                 |
| Cristian Călin      | Keyboard shortcuts (done) & tests (in-progress)                                 |

**Task size?**
Appropriate (4 people), too large (1 person), too small (1 person).

**Task difficulty?**
General consensus: tasks not too difficult, but amounts of research needed.

**Task distribution?**
Some members of the team (voluntarily) did more work. Focus on splitting the tasks more evenly, to give everyone the same amount of work. Don't rely only on the experience of teammates.

**Improvements?**
Keep deadlines in mind to give teammates time for code review. Allocate tasks more fairly.

### 3. Changes to Deadline Agreements
- **MR deadline**: Moved to Saturday evening (8PM, previously was 4 PM).
- **Code review** must be done before the Monday meeting (11AM).
- Issues in code review?
  - Small issues - Solve in MR directly, then merge
  - Bigger issues - Merge MR, then create a separate fix-it issue and discuss in Monday meeting (if necessary)

### 4. Final Announcements
- Weeks 6 (post-midterm) and 7 (after Christmas break) are **online**
- Agreed: work for weeks 4+5 is to be done in week 4 (before midterms)
- Keyboard shortcuts (currently Cristian's task) should be added to the README.md
- **Keep in mind - updates to the backlog!**

### 5. Notes for the Next Meeting
- Week 6 
  - **Chair**: Cristian Călin
  - **Minute taker**: Benny Huang
- Week 7 (after Christmas) 
  - **Chair**: Alexandra Gâlmeanu
  - **Minute taker**: Denis Bespalov

(To avoid clashes with resits in week 7.)
