| Key          | Value                                                            |
|--------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date :       | 15/01/2025                                                       |
| Time :       | 15:45                                                            |
| Location :   | Drebbelweg                                                       |
| Chair :      | Felicia Ang                                                      |
| Minute Taker | Noah Verzaal                                                     |
| Attendees :  | Alexandra Gâlmeanu, Benny Huang, Cristian Calin, Denis Bespalov  |

# Agenda Items

## General Opening (14 min)

**Opening by the Chair:**
The chair will open the meeting and set the context. *(1 minute)*

**TA Announcements:**
The TA will make any necessary announcements. *(3 minutes)*

**Presentation of the Current App to the TA:**
A brief demonstration of the current state of the app, with a focus on updates made since the last meeting. App presentation will be made by the chair. *(5 minutes)*

**Reflection on Last Week:**
Team members will reflect on current progress in the scope of the project. *(5 minutes)*

## Main Talking Points (25 min)

### Current Week’s Work *(15 minutes)*
Discussion points:
- Our individual tasks assigned for this week.
- Progress on assigned tasks.
- Any issues and redistribution of tasks if needed (so that everyone meets the knockout criteria).

### Future Reflections *(10 minutes)*
- Discuss what features to implement / tasks to complete in the final week.
- Discuss how close the team is to completing all the requirements of the project.

## General Closure (6 min)

**Questions & Comments:**
The team will address any remaining questions to the TA. *(5 minutes)*

**Closure:**
The chair will formally close the meeting. *(1 minute)*


# Meeting Notes
1. TA Announcements
2. Review of tasks
3. Questions to TA
4. Final announcements
5. Notes for the next meeting

### 1. TA Announcements
- Feedback for implemented features was "discuss with TA", because the app didn't run
  - App was run using the instructions in the README file, but an error was thrown
    - Changing `jfx.main` back to `client.main` in the client pom file made it run again
    - Make sure that it runs next time (by testing it)
  - TA can still give feedback on implemented features later
  - You can also check the rubrics yourself
    - Make sure to not lose points in stupid places, check that everything works
    - Failing some basic requirements doesn't immediately make you fail the course, but it deducts a lot of points
- Make sure to add instructions in the README file, including keyboard shortcuts and all the features, etc.

### 2. Review of Tasks
Tasks of previous week:

| Assignee           | Task(s)                                   |
|--------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| Noah Verzaal       | Work on websockets                        |
| Alexandra Gâlmeanu | Work on tags requirement                  |
| Denis Bespalov     | Bug fixes and collection repository tests |
| Benny Huang        | Work on embedded files                    |
| Cristian Calin     | Add more keyboard shortcuts and tests     |
| Felicia Ang        | Add tests for collection controller       |   

**Future reflections**
- Undo options in the app
- Client not crashing without server
- Add UI for embedded files
- Add support for links
- Fix bugs and add more feedback

### 3. Questions to TA
- What should Benny do to fix mistake relating to knockout criteria?
  - Message course staff to ask what to do. They may redirect to the board of examiners. It could help to mention the amount of time and effort already spent.
- In which collection should new notes be added?
    - If `All` collection is selected, create note in default collection
    - If a specific collection is selected, create note in that collection
- Clarifications about collection names
  - Collection names are unique to the specific server they're on, so two different servers can have a collection of the same name
- Other questions about the multi-collection requirement
  - Ask questions in Mattermost, so TA can redirect them to course staff
- Does full screen need to work properly?
  - No, it is not considered
- Can you use the same buddy check feedback from the formative assignment?
  - Yes, TA's will probably not look at what you did in your formative assignment

### 4. Final Announcements
- Benny will continue working on tasks this week, to pass this week while waiting to hear back from course staff
- We will go through last-minute bugs in the next Monday meeting
- First thing next meeting the TA can check everyone's buddy check feedback, so make sure you have your feedback ready

### 5. Notes for the Next Meeting
- Week 9
    - **Chair**: Cristian Calin
    - **Minute taker**: Alexandra Gâlmeanu